
# 02 Data Preprocessing and Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
This directory contains Jupyter notebooks for data preprocessing and exploratory data analysis (EDA) tasks related to the project.

## Introduction

It consists of several Jupyter Notebooks:

### 01_preprocessing_EDA.ipynb

This notebook focuses on data preprocessing and initial exploratory data analysis tasks. It includes steps such as data cleaning, feature engineering, and basic statistical analysis.

### 02_neo4j_dataloading.ipynb

This notebook demonstrates the process of loading preprocessed data into Neo4j, a graph database. It includes code for connecting to Neo4j and loading data from pandas DataFrames into the database.

This Jupyter Notebook relies on the output csv files generated by `01_preprocessing_EDA.ipynb`.

### 03_exploratory_queries.ipynb

This notebook contains exploratory queries written in Cypher, the query language used by Neo4j. It explores relationships and patterns in the data stored in the Neo4j database.

## Usage

Follow these steps:

1. Ensure the required dependencies are installed.
2. Save the credentials required to connect to the Neo4j database in a file named `neo4j.ini` and place in the root directory of this module. 
Sample `neo4j.ini` File:
```
[NEO4J]
HOST = bolt://[IP]:[PORT]
DATABASE = neo4j
PASSWORD = [PASSWORD]
```
3. Run the desired notebook.

## Dependencies

- `Python 3.x`
- `pandas`
- `neo4j`
- `matplotlib`

## Contributors

Xiong Ying

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).